hey guys welcome back here to the worst
of a channel my name is David and today
we are playing Angry Birds Star Wars 2
and today we'll finally finish Master
drew destiny we finish the bird side and
today we are going to finish the pork
side only four levels to go let's try to
do a great job of it and you know pass
with flying colors or something let's do
this
okay think I know what I must do gonna
use this guy there you go got some tnt's
come on come on oh yeah there you go
haha keep falling keep falling you're
just out yet
there you go that was better oh yeah
it's not it's not done yet there you go
perfect that was way better than it
looked like at first perfect that's
great that's great so to finish this off
we're gonna use this guy again there you
go and a ninja come on
there you go there you go there you go
with finish finished but we made and we
made all the chance to explode except -
but anyway we cleared the stage with one
bird to go let's see how we do
two stars pretty good I'll take it there
you go we got a new price as well that's
fantastic
current ranked seat apprentice ready
part of the seat Oh awesome
I love the batter the character would
shoot and aims it's all good anyway what
else we have here
no that's it okay good let's move on to
the next level
mmm interesting design here
let's see very well I think I need to
use this guy again we're gonna try to
get this all the way ah try to make it
all the way over there but the problem
is just too far
come on fall get rid of that other
birdie perfect there you go we only have
one birdie to go then and I guess to
finish this off we're gonna use this guy
right here
ready set
there you go perfect I mean I could have
got rid of that third in many number of
ways but I wanted to get the TMT
to explode as well to get the maximum
amount of points not that he would get
me more than once or anyway gosh darn it
once start then
we go level 14 up next
okeydoke this time we're gonna use this
guy right here let's see what this guy
can do oh yeah oh-ho fantastic that's a
pretty great move I think there you go
that was pretty awesome
and to finish this I think we're going
to use the same guy we're going to do
the same thing that truly proud oh come
on there you go there you go there you
go perfect
visit them all and made all the TNT
explode over we know if it is a good
school
oh I fell the third start coming but it
never came I was waiting for you to come
and you never came final level finally
find the level of master your destiny
here we go okay for this stage I think I
know exactly what you must do first of
all you must get the TNT be very careful
there and then keep that Buster mark
there you go
hit the question mark but kind of miss
the TNT there gosh darn it
oh there you go that was better now
thinking we're gonna use this guy here
again and there you go
clear the stage thank you very much
so close to three start oh maybe not but
we got two starts that's good there you
go that is it we've cleared all the
levels off the pork side and the bird
side off master your destiny thank you
guys so much for watching this video if
you liked it please give it a thumbs up
be sure to check out the videos below
subscribe to the channel and in the
future of course there should be new
chapters to explore after to the chapter
5 probably coming up soon we will play
that as well of course but until then
I'll see you later bye